README.md, before:

# Era5 Analysis - Kwindy

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/era5-analysis.svg)][pypi_]
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/pypi/status/era5-analysis.svg)][status]
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/era5-analysis)][python version]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/era5-analysis)][license]

[![Read the documentation at https://era5-analysis.readthedocs.io/](https://img.shields.io/readthedocs/era5-analysis/latest.svg?label=Read%20the%20Docs)][read the docs]
[![Tests](https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)][tests]
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/kbren/era5-analysis/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)][codecov]

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)][pre-commit]
[![Black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)][black]

[pre-commit]: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
[black]: https://github.com/psf/black

## Overview

This repository contains the _kwindy_ package, which is short for "Katie's Windy Package". _kwindy_ contains a small set of functions that can be used for analyzing wind data in the ERA5 Reanalysis dataset available on Google Cloud Storage (https://github.com/google-research/arco-era5). This package was developed for trying to better understand the wind resource in offshore environments for future power generation.

## Installation

You can install _kwindy_ via [pip] from [PyPI]:

```console
$ pip install kwindy
```

## License

Distributed under the terms of the [MIT license][license],
_kwindy_ is free and open source software.

## Issues

If you encounter any problems,
please [file an issue] along with a detailed description.

## Credits

This project was generated from [@cjolowicz]'s [Hypermodern Python Cookiecutter] template.

[@cjolowicz]: https://github.com/cjolowicz
[pypi]: https://pypi.org/
[hypermodern python cookiecutter]: https://github.com/cjolowicz/cookiecutter-hypermodern-python
[file an issue]: https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/issues
[pip]: https://pip.pypa.io/

<!-- github-only -->

[license]: https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/blob/main/LICENSE
[contributor guide]: https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[command-line reference]: https://era5-analysis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html

Commit message:

Add image of lease areas to readme

README.md, after:

# Era5 Analysis

## with kwindy

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)][pre-commit]
[![Black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)][black]

[pre-commit]: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
[black]: https://github.com/psf/black

## Overview

This repository contains the _kwindy_ package, which is short for "Katie's Windy Package". _Kwindy_ contains a small set of functions that can be used for analyzing wind data in the ERA5 Reanalysis dataset available on Google Cloud Storage (https://github.com/google-research/arco-era5). This package was developed for trying to better understand the wind resource in offshore environments for future power generation.

Below shows maps provided by the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy and Management (BOEM) where there are present and future lease areas along the U.S. East Coast.
![alt text](image.png)

## Installation

You can install _kwindy_ via [pip] from [PyPI]:

```console
$ pip install kwindy
```

## License

Distributed under the terms of the [MIT license][license],
_kwindy_ is free and open source software.

## Issues

If you encounter any problems,
please [file an issue] along with a detailed description.

## Credits

This project was generated from [@cjolowicz]'s [Hypermodern Python Cookiecutter] template.

[@cjolowicz]: https://github.com/cjolowicz
[pypi]: https://pypi.org/
[hypermodern python cookiecutter]: https://github.com/cjolowicz/cookiecutter-hypermodern-python
[file an issue]: https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/issues
[pip]: https://pip.pypa.io/

<!-- github-only -->

[license]: https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/blob/main/LICENSE
[contributor guide]: https://github.com/kbren/era5-analysis/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[command-line reference]: https://era5-analysis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html
